Fix formatting in checkout section (#492)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/checkout.mdx

> If the checkout permission is assigned to the user, only this user and staff users with permission `MANAGE_CHECKOUTS` can query its data. Checkouts without assigned users can be queried modified using the token without additional permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user is assigned the checkout permission, only this user and staff users with permission `MANAGE_CHECKOUTS` can query its data. Checkouts without assigned users can be queried and modified using the token without additional permissions.
```

## Address Validation

> The checkout's mutations that accept an address as an input have a field that can turn off the address validation. This allows assigning a partial or not fully valid address to the checkout. Providing country code is mandatory for all addresses regardless of the rules provided in this input.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The checkout's mutations that accept an address as an input have a field that can turn off the address validation. It allows assigning a partial or not fully valid address to the checkout. Providing country code is mandatory for all addresses regardless of the rules provided in this input.

```

The address [validation](developer/api-reference/inputs/checkout-address-validation-rules.mdx) input has two boolean fields:

> - `checkRequiredFields` - Determines if an error should be raised when the provided address doesn't have all the required fields. Set to `true` by default.
> - `checkFieldsFormat` - Determines if an error should be raised when the provided address doesn't match the expected format. Set to `true` by default.
> - `enableFieldsNormalization` - Determines if Saleor should apply normalization on address fields. Example: converting city field to uppercase letters. Set to `true` by default.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `checkRequiredFields` - raises an error when the provided address doesn't have all the required fields. Set to `true` by default.
- `checkFieldsFormat` - raises an error when the provided address doesn't match the expected format. Set to `true` by default.
- `enableFieldsNormalization` - Determines if Saleor should apply normalization on address fields. Example: converting a city field to uppercase letters. Set to `true` by default.

```

Author: @pawelpikus I'm not sure about this one so I left this untouched. Maybe @korycins has any comments

Reviewer 2: Hhm, not sure of this. It is a flag to turn on/off raising exceptions by Saleor that are related to the addresses.
`checkRequiredFields - raises an error when the provided..` sounds to me like: "this flag will raise an exception" - but the flag is only a switch for Saleor 😅

Reviewer: Yes, I see what you mean. Just wanted to get rid of the passive voice which is generally hard to read/follow. Perhaps:

```suggestion
- `checkRequiredFields` - signals Saleor to raise an error when the provided address doesn't have all the required fields. Set to `true` by default.
- `checkFieldsFormat` - signals Saleor to raise an error when the provided address doesn't match the expected format. Set to `true` by default.
- `enableFieldsNormalization` - Determines if Saleor should apply normalization on address fields. Example: converting city field to uppercase letters. Set to `true` by default.

```
What do you think?

Reviewer: @SzymJ @korycins

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I missed notification. It looks good!

Author: added @pawelpikus

> The fields of shipping and billing addresses will be normalized (if needed) when completing the checkout by calling [checkoutComplete](developer/api-reference/mutations/checkout-complete.mdx) mutation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fields for shipping and billing addresses will be normalized (if needed) on completing the checkout by calling [checkoutComplete](developer/api-reference/mutations/checkout-complete.mdx) mutation.
```

> Transaction stores details of payment transaction attached to order or checkout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transaction stores details of a payment transaction attached to order or checkout.
```

The [transactionCreate](developer/api-reference/mutations/transaction-create.mdx) mutation takes the following arguments:

- `id`: The ID of the checkout or order.
- `transaction`: Input data required to create a new transaction object.
- `transactionEvent`: Data that defines a transaction event. Can be used to provide more context about the current state of the transaction.

The following example shows how the [transactionCreate](developer/api-reference/mutations/transaction-create.mdx) mutation
is used to create a new transaction.

> The transaction has status authorized, payment was made with a credit card. The actions that can be called from Saleor are: `VOID` and `CHARGE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transaction was authorized, and payment was made with a credit card. The actions that can be called from Saleor are: `VOID` and `CHARGE`.
```

:::

> The [transactionUpdate](developer/api-reference/mutations/transaction-update.mdx) mutation allows to update a details of transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [transactionUpdate](developer/api-reference/mutations/transaction-update.mdx) mutation allows updating the details of a transaction.
```

:::note
During an update of transactions, all funds that go to a new state should be subtracted from the previous state.

> Assuming that we have a transaction with `authorizedAmount` equal to 100 USD. Moving the `authorizedAmount` to `chargedAmount` requires setting `authorizedAmount` to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming that we have a transaction with `authorizedAmount` equal to 100 USD, moving the `authorizedAmount` to `chargedAmount` requires setting `authorizedAmount` to 0.
```

    Saleor -->>- App: Updated transaction
```

## Removing old checkouts

> In order not to overload the database, unfinished checkouts are deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid overloading the database, unfinished checkouts are deleted.
```

Anonymous and unfinished checkouts are deleted after a specified period of time from its last modification:

> - anonymous checkouts (neither user and email are set) after 30 days,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- anonymous checkouts (neither user nor email is set) after 30 days,
```

> - user checkouts (user or email set) after 90 days,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- user checkouts (either user or email is set) after 90 days,
```
